[RFC] docs: add Claude skills for operations/facts/tests conventions (#1701)
pyinfra-dev/pyinfra: .claude/skills/writing-fact-tests/SKILL.md

    "arg": [<positional_args_list>],
    "output": [
        "line 1 of command stdout",
        "line 2 of command stdout"
    ],
    "fact": <expected_return_value>
}
```

## Fixture schema (YAML)

```yaml
command: shell command the fact runs
requires_command: binary               # optional
output: |
  raw stdout to parse
fact:
  item:
    key: value                         # expected return value of process()
```

### Fields

| Field | Required | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `command` | Yes | Exact string returned by `fact.command(...)` |
| `requires_command` | No | Exact string returned by `fact.requires_command(...)` |
| `arg` | No | List of positional arg lists, one per call variant. Omit if the fact takes no args |
| `output` | Yes | Simulated stdout lines (list of strings, no trailing newlines) |
| `fact` | Yes | Expected return value of `fact.process(output)` |

### `arg` format

For facts that take arguments, `arg` is a list of argument lists:

```json
"arg": [
    ["/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d", "/etc/apt/keyrings"]
]
```

For facts with no arguments, omit `arg` entirely.

### `output` format

Each string is one line of stdout. Empty strings represent blank lines.

> Use real command output whenever possible — copy from an actual system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always use real command output — copy from an actual system.
```
